I've taught AP Computer Science Principles and Introduction To CS courses for the past few years and primarily used a pre-packaged curriculum for both. In my APCSP course, I've used Code.org's and CodeHS's curriculum and Khan Academy's for supplemental activities. I prefer Code.Org's curriculum due to the resources provided -- slides, hand-outs, etc. The test-driven material does a good job establishing structure, which I find essential -- especially since I'm also usually teaching several other classes. Other coursework I've explored and tried jam their "lesson plans" with content, but gives little structure or guidance when trying to execute it. Code.org seems to have at least someone running the plans with a timer to ensure it fits within the advertised time allotment. The visual nature of the curriculum, along with its JavaScript API (AppLap), offers some scaffolding for students new to CS and in my class without a choice. 


Although it is highly polished and easy to execute, the material is not without problems. First, I find that they sometimes take far too long -- have activities that meander -- to relay a relatively simple concept -- even for beginners. Second, App Lab and programming activities can get annoying, especially as the topics get more complex. Students are often required to add or amend specific lines of code in an already complex program, given little context of how that line of code interacts with the complete program. (The Computer Science Discoveries course by Code.org works in reverse -- where the students always start  with a blank canvas and build projects from the ground up.)

CodeHS is the other curriculum I've used, and I, in some ways, prefer it to Code.org. The courses centered around the students working in actual programming do a better job of building the students' abilities. There are videos, practice assignments, and the ability for students to work at their own pace with a tremendous amount of scaffolding. The issue, ultimately, is that the free versions are somewhat limited, and it costs more than my school is willing to spend on a computer science platform they don't understand. 

A poor craftsman is quick to blame his tools, and I believe the shortcomings of any pre-packaged curriculum can be corrected or exacerbated by the skill, or in my case, lack thereof, of the craftsmen. 
